README.md, before:

<h1 align="center"> Welcome to my Professional Portfolio 👋 </h1>

[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/antoni909/react-personal-portfolio/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://github.com/antoni909/react-personal-portfolio/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment)[![StackShare](http://img.shields.io/badge/tech-stack-0690fa.svg?style=flat)](https://stackshare.io/antoni909/my-stack)[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/18523d22-bc55-4b27-94bb-eacb7e49e162/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/antoni909/deploys)


# 🚧 This project is ongoing and under heavy construction! 👷 🚧

## Resources Used

EmailJS - [to send email directly from javaScript](https://www.emailjs.com/)

GitHub API - [fetch repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos)

GitHub Wallpaper - [WalpaperCave](https://wallpapercave.com/w/wp3082268)

tinypng.com - [smart WebP, PNG, and JPEG compression](https://tinypng.com)

OctoKit.js - [The all-batteries-included GitHub SDK for Browsers, Node.js, and Deno.](https://github.com/octokit/octokit.js/#usage)

Material UI - [beautiful components](https://mui.com/)

React-PDF - [Display PDFs in your React app as easily as if they were images.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-pdf)

## Attributions

Social media icons from [react-social-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-social-icons)

Programmer Quotes from [skolakoda](https://github.com/skolakoda/programming-quotes-api)

## Install

```sh
npm install
```

## Usage

```sh
npm run start
```

## Run tests

```sh
npm run test
```

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

***
_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_

Commit message:

compress pdf file in Assets dir

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"> Welcome to my Professional Portfolio 👋 </h1>

[![pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/antoni909/react-personal-portfolio/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://github.com/antoni909/react-personal-portfolio/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment)[![StackShare](http://img.shields.io/badge/tech-stack-0690fa.svg?style=flat)](https://stackshare.io/antoni909/my-stack)[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/18523d22-bc55-4b27-94bb-eacb7e49e162/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/antoni909/deploys)


# 🚧 This project is ongoing and under heavy construction! 👷 🚧

## Resources Used

EmailJS - [to send email directly from javaScript](https://www.emailjs.com/)

GitHub API - [fetch repositories](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/repos)

GitHub Wallpaper - [WalpaperCave](https://wallpapercave.com/w/wp3082268)

tinypng.com - [smart WebP, PNG, and JPEG compression](https://tinypng.com)

Adobe Acrobat - [compress PDF online tool lets you compress PDF files](https://www.adobe.com/acrobat/online/compress-pdf.html)

OctoKit.js - [the all-batteries-included GitHub SDK for Browsers, Node.js, and Deno.](https://github.com/octokit/octokit.js/#usage)

Material UI - [beautiful components](https://mui.com/)

React-PDF - [display PDFs in your React app as easily as if they were images.](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-pdf)

## Attributions

Social media icons from [react-social-icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-social-icons)

Programmer Quotes from [skolakoda](https://github.com/skolakoda/programming-quotes-api)

## Install

```sh
npm install
```

## Usage

```sh
npm run start
```

## Run tests

```sh
npm run test
```

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if this project helped you!

***
_This README was generated with ❤️ by [readme-md-generator](https://github.com/kefranabg/readme-md-generator)_
